so hey how does this sound you answer a
few questions and I'll tell you your
true soul mates name really and you can
learn more about yourself along the way
good then grab a calculator head up your
points and see your results at the end
number one let's start with a drink
which one do you like the most a caramel
macchiato or some other sweet syrupy mix
be lemonade or soda
I prefer cool drinks with a twist see an
expresso please I like my coffee plain
and strong Dean just water it's healthy
and fills me up sweet coffee lovers
start off with zero points 20 points go
to you if you chose B espresso fans get
30 points if you prefer plain water add
10 points to your score number two
what's the best smell in the world a
ocean breeze like freedom and long walks
be freshly baked bread cozy like home
and happiness see freshly printed books
reminds me of my school days D coffee
just the smell gives me energy
if you're an ocean breeze fan 30 points
land in your basket did you pick fresh
bread zero points for this one a love of
new books brings you ten points those
who prefer the smell of coffee get 20
points and those of you who prefer the
aroma of freshly baked chocolate chip
cookies are just out of luck number
three pick a door sign quote that sums
you up a come on in to my awesome abode
be home is where the heart is C welcome
to my loose interpretation of clean D
you're never fully dressed without a
smile e choice that doesn't count
no solicitors if you picked a a give
yourself ten points B get you zero
points if you went for C add 30 points
to your tally D get you 20 points e is
the sign on my door for it's your best
friend's birthday what gift paper
pattern do you
a polka dot it's classic and works 100%
of the dye be something bright and wild
just like my bestie see I'll design my
own pattern on craft paper make it
personal
d nun my gifts can't be wrapped in a box
like adventures we can share e H ice
that doesn't count
toilet paper option a gives you 20
points B brings you 0 C is worth 10
points and if you chose D at 30 points 5
what app do you use most often a
Instagram it means the world to me B
productivity and planner apps C
messengers I can't live without my
friends d games they help me relax
in case you chose option a give yourself
20 more points B brings you 30 points
you get ten points for option C if you
pick D you get zero points as time man
number six if you were to wear one color
for a month what would it be
a white it's simple but elegant be black
unless someone invents a more stylish
color C something bright yellow orange
red they're all good d a checkered
pattern the color doesn't really matter
did you choose white it brings you 20
points if black is your to go add 30
points to your tally break colors don't
bring you any points only joy wearing
checkered clothes for a month
gives you 10 points 7 which of these pet
peeves is the most annoying to you a
people who are always late B when
someone takes your food without
permission
C when you're talking to someone and
they're staring at their phone d someone
endlessly taking selfies and expecting
you to join if you picked a you just
earned 30 points B is worth 20 points C
brings you ten points D is worth no
points and I'm happy that annoying
narrators are not on this list
number eight it's movie night what would
you and your significant other be
watching together a a comedy if we can't
laugh together what's it all about be
something scary I want my soul mate to
hold me when things get too spooky see
all things Disney just magic love and
happiness D a documentary I want us to
learn something new together laughing
together get you ten points if you went
for a scary movie give yourself 30
points Disney fans get zero points yeah
you're frozen if you picked a
documentary your score has grown by 20
points number nine which of these
nicknames would you choose for your
special someone a my love B babycakes
C Cookie Monster D ultimate e choice
that doesn't count
my big googly moogly option a is worth
20 points if you chose B you earned 10
more points C is a big zero this time D
brings you 30 points and my big googly
moogly will probably end the
relationship tag what would you be ready
to tolerate in your partner a no sense
of humor be the I'm always right
attitude C bizarre outfit choices
attract suit to your parents anniversary
D weird friends who don't like you if
you're okay with option a add ten points
if B doesn't sound too bad you earn zero
points if you chose option C you just
earned 30 points if you're ready to deal
with situation D had 20 points 11 time
to pick an outfit for the first date
with your soul mate you're going in a
jeans with the plain white shirt it
never goes out of style B PJs will do
they got to love me for my personality
not the outfit see something funky and
custom-made
they have to see I'm one of a kind D all
things designer labels are just as
important as love to me if you opt for
jeans don't add anything to your score
going in PJs 10 points coming your way
if you like to really stand out add 20
points to your tally label lovers get 30
points
number 12 how do you usually get over
breakups a get on a dancing app to find
a replacement B dance that sorrow away
with my friends C do something I always
wanted but feared to do like bungee
jumping D best time for a makeover pink
hair ripped jeans there we go
if you're ready for your next date add
30 points to your score dancing with
option B brings you ten points option C
gets you 20 more points you get zero
points for choosing D this time number
13 what would you least want your life
to look like 15 years from now a some
mundane life like working 9 to 5 be
still at the same job I have now same
salary C not having my own house D not
having my own family yet marriage kids
can't wait
option a gives you 30 points did you
pick B I see 20 points coming your way
option C adds 10 points to your basket
if you chose D sorry it's worth no
points hey cheer up it could always be
worse number 14
what would you never forgive in a
relationship a if your special someone
lies to you B if they disrespect your
family see if they don't believe in you
and your dreams D I'm ready to forgive
anything if it's true love
a adds 30 points to your tally B gives
you 10 more points C brings you 20
points D is worth zero points again well
I think cheating might be an
unforgivable don't you think
fifteen pick an adventure to share with
your soulmate
hey go hiking in the jungle be safari in
Africa
sounds like a but whatever see visit
every European country in one month D
move into a camper home and never stop
exploring if the jungle is calling give
yourself 20 points a wild African safari
brings you ten points you get zero
points for your European vacation your
home on wheels adds 30 points to your
score alright time to sum up all those
points here are your results if you came
out with zero to 90 points you're soul
mates name is Nick or Mia you're a
romantic soul and your special someone
will share those moonlit walks candlelit
dinners and a love of piano tunes 100 to
180 points means your soul mate is
either Justin or Kate family means the
world to them just like it does to you
they're serious about everything in life
and won't jump into a relationship
unless they know it's 100% right with
190 to 270 points you're about to fall
in love with someone named Will or Emma
they'll be your best friend and business
partner all in one you'll be inspired
and motivated by each other
282 360 points shows you're destined to
be with someone named Sam or Sarah
they're a free spirit just like you your
life together will be one endless
adventure if you got 372 450 points
well you'll share a happily ever after
with a Ben or Sophia you'll both have a
great sense of style and taste you'll
work on planning your perfect life
together and you'll both look good doing
it
oh and by the way if you happen to be a
running shoe it's very easy to find your
soulmate just look to the left or right
and don't trip
[Music]